Add tour to explain PWM (#454)
tinygo-org/tinygo-site: content/tour/pwm/servo.md

---
title: "Servo: intro"
description: "Control a servo motor directly using PWM"
weight: 10
---

> Servos are controlled using a form of pulse-width modification (PWM) to control their position. Every 20ms or so (the precise interval doesn't matter too much) a pulse of 1ms to 2ms is sent that indicates the target position for the motor. The pulse width is what matters here: 1.5ms indicates the center position, 1ms all the way to the right, and 2ms all the way to the left.

Reviewer: Tell us what a servo is, please.

> Servos are controlled using a form of pulse-width modification (PWM) to control their position. Every 20ms or so (the precise interval doesn't matter too much) a pulse of 1ms to 2ms is sent that indicates the target position for the motor. The pulse width is what matters here: 1.5ms indicates the center position, 1ms all the way to the right, and 2ms all the way to the left.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Servos are rotary motors that allow for precise control of their angular position. The position is set using a form of pulse-width modification (PWM). Every 20ms or so (the precise interval doesn't matter too much) a pulse of 1ms to 2ms is sent that indicates the target position for the motor. The pulse width is what matters here: 1.5ms indicates the center position, 1ms all the way to the right, and 2ms all the way to the left.
```
